[WIP] Add frontend for text based needles (#5165)
os-autoinst/openQA: docs/GettingStarted.asciidoc

One of the main mechanisms for openQA to know the state of the virtual machine
is checking the presence of some elements in the machine's 'screen'.

> This is performed matching a reference (so called 'needles') with the 'screen'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is performed matching a reference (called a 'needle') with the screen.
```

Slight nit-pick. A single needle is a reference. Or make it _matching references_
